km dcp 13 release updates (#1365)
DataBiosphere/data-portal: content/community-update/community-update/dcp-updates.md

# DCP Platform Updates

#### January 24, 2022

### Release Highlights

> * We've created a new [slack channel](https://humancellatlas.slack.com/archives/C02TM2SDVM2) for the DCP community! Join the channel for announcements, updates, help, and an opportunity to connect with other users of the DCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We've created a new [slack channel](https://humancellatlas.slack.com/archives/C02TM2SDVM2) for the DCP community! Join the channel, say hello, and follow for the latest announcements, updates, and opportunities to connect with fellow DCP users.
```

* Raw data and contributor-generated matrices are available for 15 new projects. These single-cell data are derived from:
* Single-cell and single-nucleus
* 10x 3' v2 and v3 3' and 10x 5' chemistry, Fluidigm C1, Smart-seq2, and sci-CAR ATAC sequencing technologies
* Adipose tissue, blood, bone marrow, CSF, heart, kidney, lung, oral cavity, ovary, pancreas, prostate, skeletal muscle, testis, and umbilical vein
* Disease states including COVID-19 infection, intracranial hypertension, multiple sclerosis, and renal cell carcinoma
* Developmental stages including fetal, child, adolescent, and adult
* Standardized data, including aligned BAMs and cell-by-gene count matrices (Loom format), are available for 8 additional projects with data derived from:

> * 10x v2 and v3 3' sequencing technologies

Reviewer: @kayleemathews What's going on with the single quotes here? I pulled the main branch and they looked normal.

Author: I may have accidentally updated them with Grammarly.

Author: It doesn't like when there are both straight and curly apostrophes in a doc.

Reviewer: oh! That makes sense. Grammarly!! (shakes fist) Thank you!

Author: Are they okay like that or should I revert those changes?

Reviewer: I don't see a problem leaving them. It didn't appear to affect any title searches, so I think it's ok.
